ARROW-12669:[C++][Python] Implement a new scalar function: list_element (#11159)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/compute.rst

Structural transforms
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

+--------------------------+------------+--------------------------+---------------------+---------+
| Function name            | Arity      | Input types              | Output type         | Notes   |
+==========================+============+==========================+=====================+=========+
| list_flatten             | Unary      | List-like                | List value type     | \(1)    |
+--------------------------+------------+--------------------------+---------------------+---------+
| list_parent_indices      | Unary      | List-like                | Int32 or Int64      | \(2)    |
+--------------------------+------------+--------------------------+---------------------+---------+

> | list_element             | Binary     | List-like, Int32 or Int64| List value type     | \(3)    |

Reviewer: For _Input types_ instead of using a comma, you can use this form: `List-like (Arg 0); Integral (Arg 1)`.
Refer to _case_when_ doc.

Reviewer: Also, you need to add the `list_element` kernel to [Python's API doc](https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/master/docs/source/python/api/compute.rst).

Reviewer 2: Also try to keep things in alphabetical order, and reformat the table as needed (Input types could have one more column of padding added to it).

  in the list array is appended to the output.  Nulls in the parent list array
  are discarded.

> * \(3) For each value in the list child array, the value at index is appended
>   to the output. Nulls in the parent list array are mapped into nulls.

Reviewer 3: I think this is clearer. I think it is not necessary to explicitly say anything about nulls here.
```suggestion
* \(3) Output is an array of the same length as the input list array. The
  output values are the values at the specified index of each child list.
```

Reviewer 3: The "append" language made it harder to recognize that this can be a scalar kernel.

Author: Thanks Ian!

  are discarded.  Output type is Int32 for List and FixedSizeList, Int64 for
  LargeList.

> * \(3) Output is an array of the same length as the input list array. The

Author: hahaha oh i forgot that, good catch, thanks!

> * \(3) Output is an array of the same length as the input list array. The

Reviewer: Also, please add a statement describing how null entries are handled, similar to the long description used during function registration.
